# Weather Application
This is my weather application.

Project Description:

This app allows the User to add various cities to the homepage of the application, with information regarding weather in each added city. 
The application refreshes weather data from each city each time the page is refreshed.
All data regarding added cities is retreived from the public API offered by openweathermap.org, a website which collects data from 40,000 weather stations worldwide.

Application Interface:

https://youtu.be/2Jv-SVR3-sY

File Breakdown:

the_weather/settings.py : settings file generated by Django when project was created. My 'weather' app was added in the INSTALLED_APPS section.

the_weather/urls.py : url pattern file created by Django when project was created. I added path('', include('weather.urls')) as a route to include all paths described in my weather/urls.py app file.

weather/urls.py : my url pattern file inside my Django app. Path described leads to my index function in views.py.

weather/models.py : where I wrote modles used to stored data entries into db.sqlite3 database. Only model needed is the City model, which stored city name used to retreive weather info from API.

weather/views.py : file where I wrote my Python view functions. The only function in the file is my index() function, which retrieves input from city form, and makes API request with given city name. Also loads all previously added cities on page.

weather/templates/weather/weather.html : Main HTML file in the app which renders homepage, and gets dynamically rendered using script.js file and the index() function to display previoulsy added cities + a brief description of the app.

weather/static/weather/script.js : Javascript file which dynamically renders homepage of app by displaying or hiding a breif description of my project.

Complexcity:
This app utilizes Javascript in the frontend to dynamically modify homepage of the app. 
It uses a Python backend to store previously added cities in a db.sqlite3 database with the Cities model. 
It updates weather data for each data entry in database every time the App is refreshed. 
App also uses an API to retreive eather info from almost any city in the world, gathering data from more than 40,000 weather station worldwide.s
